feat(instrumentation-grpc): support migration to stable HTTP semconv (#5653)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: experimental/packages/opentelemetry-instrumentation-grpc/README.md

## Semantic Conventions

Up to and including v0.200.0, `instrumentation-grpc` generates telemetry using [Semantic Conventions v1.7.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/v1.7.0/semantic_conventions/README.md).

HTTP semantic conventions (semconv) were stabilized in v1.23.0, and a [migration process](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/blob/main/docs/non-normative/http-migration.md#http-semantic-convention-stability-migration) was defined.
`instrumentation-grpc` versions 0.201.0 and later include support for migrating to stable HTTP semantic conventions, as described below.
The intent is to provide an approximate 6 month time window for users of this instrumentation to migrate to the new HTTP semconv, after which a new minor version will use the *new* semconv by default and drop support for the old semconv.
See the [HTTP semconv migration plan for OpenTelemetry JS instrumentations](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/issues/5646).

> To select which semconv version(s) is emitted from this instrumentation, use the `OTEL_SEMCONV_STABILITY_OPT_IN` configuration option.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
To select which semconv version(s) is emitted from this instrumentation, use the `OTEL_SEMCONV_STABILITY_OPT_IN` environment variable.
```

- `http`: emit the new (stable) v1.23.0 semantics
- `http/dep`: emit **both** the old v1.7.0 and the new (stable) v1.23.0 semantics
- By default, if `OTEL_SEMCONV_STABILITY_OPT_IN` includes neither of the above tokens, the old v1.7.0 semconv is used.

**Span attributes:**

| v1.7.0 semconv  | v1.23.0 semconv  | Notes                                                                                                         |
| --------------- | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `net.peer.name` | `server.address` | Server domain name if available without reverse DNS lookup; otherwise, IP address or Unix domain socket name. |
| `net.peer.port` | `server.port`    | Server port number                                                                                            |
| `rpc.method`    |                  | The name of the (logical) method being called, must be equal to the $method part in the span name.            |
| `rpc.service`   |                  | The full (logical) name of the service being called, including its package name, if applicable.               |

> | `rpc.system`    |                  | A string identifying the remoting system.                                                                     |

Reviewer: This can be read as saying that the `rpc.*` ones are going away when the newer HTTP semconv is selected. When I formatted the table like this for instr-fetch it worked because *all* its attributes are HTTP-related.

How about something like:

```
**Span attribute changes:**

... table with just server.address and server.port ...

**Other span attributes:**

| Name | Notes |
| ---- | ----- |
| `rpc.method` | ... |
...

(and could include `rpc.grpc.status_code` too)
```

Or possibly not bother with the `Other span attributes` table.

### Upgrading Semantic Conventions

When upgrading to the new semantic conventions, it is recommended to do so in the following order:

> 1. Upgrade `@opentelemetry/instrumentation-http` to the latest version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Upgrade `@opentelemetry/instrumentation-grpc` to the latest version
```
?
